Our prototype didn't consist of very many parts. We had the (1) wood shutter/blind, (2) the motor, (3) lego mount, (4) arduino/bread board, (5) the LCD screen. In our final product, we will be constructing a box for the arduino to be housed in, but we did not have a box for the protoype, so the arduino just sat on the table while we demonstrated how the prototype works. In order to mount the motor to the blinds, we drilled two holes into the top of the blinds. We then lined up a lego mount that Dalton designed. The lego mount basically had brackets surrounding the motor and the brackets were secured through the holes with lego "washers". There was a string attached to a wheel on the motor, that we attached to the hooks on the individual blinds on the shutter, so that when the motor rotated, the blinds closed. When the only thing holding the motor was the lego mount, the motor would nearly fall out, every time it closed the blinds, so we had to duct tape the motor to support it so it wouldn't fall out when it was turning. The duct tape was just a temporary solution. In our final design, we plan to use maleable metal brackets that attach to the board that will be much more sturdy than the duct tape and lego mount. As with any prototype, there were a few fallbacks in our design. One fallback was the timing of our motor. It ran for to long creating extra tension in the string that would then pull down on the motor almost bringing it out of its mount. Another fallback in our prototype wasthat our shutter/blinds were only able to move in one direction. In our final design, we will have a mechanism that allows for both opening and closing motions. The abaility to change the temperature settings was another fallback to our prototype. Our final design we include a way for the user to adjust the temperature setting most likely via buttons. Our prototype also did not include a holder for the arduino. The final design will include a box of some sort to house the electrical aspect of the system.
